What instructions does the old man have?
Brat, I'll send someone to pick you up
Forget it if you don't come back
He actually beat up your senior sister
What do you mean?
How dare I hit him?
He hit me first
I can't control you.
But there will be a auction tonight.
The Lingjia of Heijiang City also went
Lingjia, you must take the project down
I'll give you a billion first
If it's not enough, ask me for it again.
No, you owe me something
Wait for my good news.
Yo Li Shao, how did you come here?
Inside please inside please
Is Ruonan at home? Yes, yes.
Ruonan, Ruonan, come out quickly
Come on
I'm wearing a contract today
Lihe and the invitation to the auction tonight
Letter and Liv
I would like to invite
Come on, ladies
Join me at tonight's auction
Mr. Lin, I'm a little uncomfortable today
What are you thinking about if you don't want to go?
You dare to pretend that you are so little
I want your dad to shit
Lin Shao, he's alright
Just rest.
I have to deliver it to him tonight
Lin Shao
You seem certain to win tonight's bidding
Of course!
My neighbor is the richest man in Heijiang City
Doesn't look like it to me?
No one can take it from me
I'm going to film this new project tonight
I'll give it to you as a betrothal gift.
Look at Lin Shao
How sincere is that?
If the bid is unsuccessful
Can our engagement be cancelled?